---
title: 'About'
slug: 'about'
description: 'About me'
date: 2024-02-03T08:00:00+09:00
lastmod: 
draft: false
---

## Me

I'm K. Tsuji. I'm a software engineer specialized digital signal image processing technology about CMOS image sensors. I work in image simulator development for a company specializing in semiconductor manufacturing from 2018 to the present.

And as a doctoral student who has a full time job since 2024, I research on medical imaging at a university laboratory. By applying generative AI technology to the medical imaging domain and improving computer-aided systems that support physicians' diagnosis, I contribute to patients' quality of life.


[Github](https://github.com/kktsuji) / [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kktsujix) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kktsuji/)


## Experience

Experiences and skills on the job are below:

* Develop noise simulation algorithm that generates noises based on physical phenomena and add them to images, for reproducing specific image sensor’s performance on PC.
* Develop image quality improvement algorithm that reduces noises generated by image sensors.
* Develop camera simulator that simulate photos taken by specific camera system including light sources, subjects, lens, and an image sensor.
* Set up evaluation environments in a darkroom by using light sources, subjects (for instance a color checker chart), cameras for data capturing.
* Modeling physical phenomena as programmable formulas by analyzing actual measurement data.
* Implement software and its test code by using C/C++ and Python for data analysis, prototyping, and production.
* Knowledge about total architectures of camera system and how them work.
* Render photo-realistic images by using 3DCG production tools like 3ds Max, Blender, and Unity, for training data for machine learning.
* Discuss customers’ needs with business team or our customers, for proposing simulation plan to solve their problems based on my technical knowledge.
* Summarize wide and complex technical information as easy-to-understand documents by using PowerPoint, Word, Excel and other tools.

While working for SONY as a full time job, in the free time, now studying and researching artificial intelligence (AI) technology at a university laboratory in order to get Ph.D.

Experiences and skills on research are below:

* Research as a project leader.
* Give presentations about our studies at some international conferences.
* Receive a paper award in the journal.

## Publications

1. [Detection of Circulating Tumor Cells in Fluorescence Microscopy Images Based on ANN Classifier](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11036-018-1121-0)
