---
title: "About"
description: "About me"
date: 2024-02-03T08:00:00+09:00
lastmod: 2024-07-16T09:00:00+09:00
draft: false
weight: 1
---

{{< author-avatar-img >}}

## Me

I'm K. Tsuji. I'm a software engineer specialized in signal processing and camera imaging technology about CMOS image sensors. I've been working in semiconductor manufacturing field to develop image sensor-related technology from 2018 to the present.

And as a PhD student who has a full time job since 2024, I'm doing research on artificial intelligence (AI) and computer vision in a university lab. By applying generative AI technology to the medical imaging domain and improving computer-aided systems that support physicians' diagnosis, I contribute to patients' quality of life.

For more detailed skills and work history, see my [Github](https://github.com/kktsuji) and [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kktsuji/).

## Experience and Skills

Work experience and skills are as shown below:

- Develop noise simulation algorithm that generates noises based on physical phenomena and add them to images, for reproducing specific image sensor’s performance on PC.
- Develop image quality improvement algorithm that reduces noises generated by image sensors.
- Develop camera simulator that simulate photos taken by specific camera system including light sources, subjects, lens, and an image sensor.
- Set up evaluation environments in a darkroom by using light sources, subjects (for instance a color checker chart), cameras.
- Modeling physical phenomena as programmable formulas by statistically analyzing actual measurement data.
- Implement software and its test code by using C/C++ and Python for data analysis, prototyping, and production.
- Knowledge about total architectures of camera system and how them work.
- Render photo-realistic images by using 3DCG production tools like 3ds Max, Blender, and Unity, for training data for machine learning.
- Discuss customers’ needs with business team or our customers, for proposing simulation plan to solve their problems based on my technical knowledge.
- Summarize wide and complex technical information as easy-to-understand documents by using PowerPoint, Word, Excel and other tools.

Experience and skills in academic research are as follows:

- Implement AI architectures using Python libraries.
- Give presentations about our studies at some international conferences.
- Receive a paper award in the journal.

## Publications

1. [Detection of Circulating Tumor Cells in Fluorescence Microscopy Images Based on ANN Classifier](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11036-018-1121-0)
