---
title: 'Disclaimer'
description: ''
date: 2024-08-30T09:00:00+09:00
lastmod: 
draft: false
weight: 2
---

The entire contents of this disclaimer have been added, modified, and supplemented by the author based on those generated by Microsoft Copilot.

## Disclaimer

The information provided by K. Tsuji on [tsuji.tech](https://tsuji.tech) (the "Site") is for general informational purposes only. All information on the Site is provided in good faith, however, I make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied, regarding the accuracy, adequacy, validity, reliability, availability, or completeness of any information on the Site.

## Professional Disclaimer

The Site cannot and does not contain professional advice. The tech information is provided for general informational and educational purposes only and is not a substitute for professional advice.

## Affiliate Disclaimer

The Site does not participate in any affiliate marketing programs to ensure transparency and fairness of content. I do not receive any commission or compensation from any links or products mentioned on the Site.

## Cookies and Google Analytics Disclaimer

The Site uses cookies to enhance user experience and analyze website traffic through Google Analytics. Cookies are small data files stored on your device that help me understand how visitors interact with the Site. The information collected is anonymous and used solely for improving my content and user experience.

By continuing to use the Site, you consent to my use of cookies in accordance with the [Privacy Policy](https://tsuji.tech/privacy-policy).

## External Links Disclaimer

The Site may contain (or you may be sent through the Site) links to other websites or content belonging to or originating from third parties or links to websites and features in banners or other advertising.

## Views Expressed Disclaimer

The views and opinions expressed on the Site are those of me and do not necessarily reflect the official policy or position of any other agency, organization, employer, or company.

## Fair Use Disclaimer

The Site may contain copyrighted material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner. I am making such material available in an efforts to advance understanding of technology and its impact on society. This constitutes a “fair use” of any such copyrighted material as provided for in Section 107 of the U.S.

## AI-Generated Content Disclaimer

At this Site, as the author, I strive to provide high-quality and accurate content. To enhance my productivity and creativity, I sometimes uses AI tools and services to assist in content creation. Specifically:

- Microsoft Copilot: Some of the content in this Site posts is generated or assisted in writing by Microsoft Copilot. This tool helps me summarize information, draft and refine my articles more efficiently.
- GitHub Copilot: Some of the code in this Site posts and the source code of ths Site is generated or assisted in writing by GitHub Copilot. This tool aids in coding by providing suggestions and completing code snippets.
- DeepL, Google Translate: Some of the content in this Site posts is generated or assisted in writing by these tools. These tools helps me with translations and improving the quality of my text.

Whenever content is generated or assisted by AI tools, I try to mention as much as possible which parts of the content were created with the help of these tools within the respective Site post to maintain transparency with my readers.

I carefully strive to respect copyrights. If you notice any issues or problems with content generated or assisted by AI tools, please let me know via [Contact](https://tsuji.tech/contact). I will promptly review and either fix or delete the problematic content to ensure the integrity of this Site.

## Changes and Deletions

I reserve the right to modify, update, or delete any content on the Site at any time without prior notice. This includes, but is not limited to, blog posts, comments, and any other information provided on the Site. I am not obligated to update any outdated information or to ensure that any information remains available.

## Changes to This Disclaimer

I may update this Disclaimer from time to time. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Disclaimer on this page. You are advised to review this Disclaimer periodically for any changes. Changes to this Disclaimer are effective when they are posted on this page.

Changing history:

- First edition established, Sep. 01, 2024

## Limitation of Liability

In no event shall the Site be liable for any special, direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages or any damages whatsoever, whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tort, arising out of or in connection with the use of the Service or the contents of the Service.

## Consent

By using the Site, you hereby consent to our Disclaimer and agree to its terms.

## Inquiries

For inquiries, please see [Contact](https://tsuji.tech/contact).
