---
title: "Privacy Policy"
description: ""
date: 2024-09-01T09:00:00+09:00
lastmod:
draft: false
weight: 3
---

The entire contents of this privacy policy have been added, modified, and supplemented by the author based on those generated by Microsoft Copilot.

## Usage of Your Information

[tsuji.tech](https://tsuji.tech) (the "Site") maintained by K. Tsuji uses the information I collect in various ways, including to:

- Provide, operate, and maintain the Site
- Understand and analyze how you use the Site
- Develop new products, services, features, articles, and functionality
- Reply to inquiries by email

## Cookies

Like any other website, the Site uses "cookies". These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing my web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.

You can control and manage cookies through your browser settings. Most browsers allow you to refuse cookies or delete them.

## Google Analytics

The Site uses Google Analytics to collect information about how visitors use the Site. Google Analytics uses cookies to gather data such as the number of visitors to the site, the pages they visit, and the duration of their visit. This information helps me analyze site traffic and improve the Site content.

The data collected by Google Analytics is anonymous and does not identify individual users. You can learn more about how Google uses data when you use the Site by visiting [Google’s Privacy & Terms](https://policies.google.com/).

## Affiliate Disclosure

The Site does not participate in any affiliate marketing programs to ensure transparency and fairness of content. I do not receive any commission or compensation from any links or products mentioned on the Site. This means that the Site does not collect visitors' information for sending to any affiliate services.

## Contact Information

The only time the Site collects personally identifiable information is when you enter personal information yourself in the [contact form](https://tsuji.tech/contact). You can contact me without providing any personal information via contact, but if you want me to reply to you by email, you will need to provide an email address (not a guarantee of a reply).

Personal information provided will be properly managed and will not be shared with third parties. On the other hand, the contact's message may be published in the form of an FAQ or other, with anonymity ensured. You are considered to have agreed to this when you send a message.

To request deletion of personal information or message content that has already been provided, please [contact](https://tsuji.tech/contact) me.

## Embedded Content from Other Websites

Articles on the Site may include embedded content (e.g., videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

For example, if you watch an embedded YouTube video on the Site, YouTube may collect data about your viewing habits. We recommend reviewing the privacy policies of these third-party services to understand how they handle your data.

Please be aware that I do not control or take responsibility for the privacy practices of these external sites. Embedded content from other websites behaves in the same way as if you visited the other website directly.

## SSL (Secure Sockets Layer)

The Site prioritizes the security of your data. The Site uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to encrypt the transmission of data between your browser and the Site servers. This ensures that any information you provide to us is protected from unauthorized access.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Changing history:

- First edition established, Sep. 01, 2024 (commit [905b963](https://github.com/kktsuji/tsuji-website/commit/905b9639410c282569eae0b24c5f9403820abfff))

## Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.

## Inquiries

For inquiries, please see [Contact](https://tsuji.tech/contact).
